Reworded the attribute sharing content (#4734)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/user-attributes/enable-attributes-for-oidc-app.md

}
```

## Prioritize sharing local attributes

In a scenario where a user with a local account in {{product_name}}, logs in using [federated authentication]({{base_path}}/guides/authentication/federated-login/), you may want to prioritize sharing local user attributes with the application over those provided by the external identity provider. Follow the steps below to set this priority for sharing user attributes.

1. On the {{ product_name }} Console, go to **Applications**.
2. Select your application and go to its **User Attributes** tab.
3. Scroll down and under **Linked Accounts**, select **Prioritize local account attributes**.

    ![Prioritize local account attributes]({{base_path}}//assets/img/guides/applications/attributes/oidc/prioritize-local-account-attributes.png){: width="600" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Click **Update** to save the changes.

> When enabled, tokens will include attributes from the linked local user account identified by the subject claim provided by the external identity provider. If a local user account does not exist, {{ product_name }}, instead, will share the user attributes obtained from the external identity provider.

Author: ```suggestion
When enabled, {{product_name}} looks for a linked local user account based on the subject claim provided by the external identity provider. If a local user account is found, the local attributes will be shared with the application. If a local account is not found, user attributes obtained from the external identity provider will be shared with the application.
```

Reviewer: This seems clear and in order.

> When enabled, tokens will include attributes from the linked local user account identified by the subject claim provided by the external identity provider. If a local user account does not exist, {{ product_name }}, instead, will return the user attributes obtained from the external identity provider.

Author: ```suggestion
When enabled, tokens will include attributes from the linked local user account identified by the subject claim provided by the external identity provider. If a local user account does not exist, {{ product_name }}, instead, will share the user attributes obtained from the external identity provider.
```
